feat(changelog): messaging-and-queuing-added-messaging-and-queuing-is-av 2024-02-22 (#2785)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2024/2024-02-22-messaging-and-queuing-added-messaging-and-queuing-is-av.mdx

---

> title: Messaging and Queuing is available for AMS region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Messaging and Queuing is now available in the AMS region!
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #messaging-queuing channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-02-22
category: serverless
product: messaging-and-queuing
---

> You can now manage your Messaging and Queuing resources in AMS region. All three protocols (SQS, NATS & SNS) are available in the region. For more information, refer to our [Messaging and Queuing documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now manage your Messaging and Queuing resources in the AMS region. All three protocols (SQS, NATS & SNS) are available in the region. For more information, refer to our [Messaging and Queuing documentation](/serverless/messaging/). 
```
